TW-1344 doc MQTT (#5046)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/sending-requests/mqtt-client/first-mqtt-request.md

---
title: "Creating your first MQTT request"
updated: 2023-09-15
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Prerequisites"
  - type: link
    name: "Download and Install"

>     url: "https://www.postman.com/downloads/"

Reviewer: Did we remove prerequisites from all page in the LC? I have the same question for all MQTT pages.

Author: There's no real standard for what pages get this link. We'll have to go through this later (but it doesn't matter as much after we redesign and push these further down.)

  - type: section
---

> In this example of an MQTT request, you will connect to a public broker, subscribe to topics, and publish messages.

Reviewer: Should we define the MQTT acronym on first use?

Author: It's actually not an acronym...

## Contents

- [Create an MQTT request](#create-an-mqtt-request)
- [Connecting to a broker with Postman](#connecting-to-a-broker-with-postman)
- [Subscribing to topics](#subscribing-to-topics)
- [Publishing messages](#publishing-messages)
- [Using response visualizer](#using-response-visualizer)

## Create an MQTT request

In Postman, select **New > MQTT** to create a new request. (In the Postman desktop app, you can also select **⌘+N** or **Ctrl+N**, then select **MQTT**).

  <img src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/mqtt/mqtt-new-request-v10.jpg" alt="New MQTT request" width="500px"/>

## Connecting to a broker with Postman

To connect to an MQTT service, you need a broker URL. This example uses the public broker `test.mosquitto.org`. You can also use any other public broker or a broker hosted on your local machine.

1. Enter `test.mosquitto.org` as the request **URL**.

> 2. Select the **Connect** button to connect to the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Connect** to connect to the broker.
```

> A message in the response area indicates that you are connected to the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A message in the response area indicates that you're connected to the broker.
```

  <img src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/mqtt/mqtt-connected-v10-1.jpg" alt="Connect to a broker" width="500px"/>

> > If you are using the Postman web app, Use the Postman desktop agent to connect to an MQTT broker. See [About the Postman Agent](https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/about-postman-agent/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're using the Postman web app, use the Postman desktop agent to connect to an MQTT broker. See [About the Postman Agent](https://learning.postman.com/docs/getting-started/about-postman-agent/) for more information.
```

## Subscribing to topics

> While connected to the broker, select the **Topics** tab. This interface enables you to create, document, and subscribe to multiple topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While connected to the broker, select the **Topics** tab. This enables you to create, document, and subscribe to multiple topics.
```

1. In the **Topics** column, enter `my-toys` as the topic name.

> 2. Select the **Subscribe** button to subscribe to the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Subscribe** to subscribe to the topic.
```

> You will see a message in the response area indicating that you are subscribed to the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will see a message in the response area indicating that you're subscribed to the topic.
```

  <img src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/mqtt/mqtt-subscribed-v10.jpg" alt="Subscribe to a topic" width="500px"/>

## Publishing messages

You can use the **Message** tab to compose and send messages to the broker.

> 1. Select the **Message** tab and enter `{"age": 2, "number of toys": 5}` as the message.
> 2. Enter `my-toys` as the topic name.
> 3. Select **Send** to publish the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the **Message** tab and enter `{"age": 2, "number of toys": 5}` as the message.
1. Enter `my-toys` as the topic name.
1. Select **Send** to publish the message.
```

You will see an outgoing message in the response area indicating that the message was published. Since you have already subscribed to the topic, `my-toys`, you will also see an incoming message with the same body. Go ahead and send a few more messages counting the number of toys you had growing up.

  <img src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/mqtt/mqtt-published-v10.jpg" alt="Subscribe to a topic" width="500px"/>

## Using response visualizer

> Now that you have subscribed to a topic and published a few messages, you can use the response visualizer to view the messages in a more comprehensible format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've subscribed to a topic and published a few messages, you can use the response visualizer to view the messages in a more comprehensible format.
```

> 1. Switch to the **Visualization** tab in the response area. You will see the messages for the `age` field visualized as a line chart.
> 2. Select the field name dropdown to select the field you want to visualize.
> 3. Select the <img alt="Add field icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-pin-collection-v10.14.0.jpg#icon" width="16px"> icon to add more fields to the chart and view the changes in their values together.
> 4. Select the <img alt="Chart icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/mqtt/chart-icon-v10.jpg#icon" width="16px"> icon next to any of the field names to change the chart type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Switch to the **Visualization** tab in the response area. You'll see the messages for the `age` field visualized as a line chart.
1. Select the field name dropdown to select the field you want to visualize.
1. Select **+** to add more fields to the chart and view the changes in their values together.
1. Select the <img alt="Chart icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/mqtt/chart-icon-v10.jpg#icon" width="16px"> icon next to any of the field names to change the chart type.
```

Reviewer: In the third step, I think there's a typo but I'm not positive. The part I'm concerned about is `view the changes in their values together.`

In the last step, what should we call this icon? Usually, we following the format `the icon-name icon`.
